Hey, grandpa is not good.
There he is again.
This scourge has greatly increased
I'm afraid the coffin board can't hold him down
Grandpa, what should I do?
I asked you to prepare this gun head.
Give it to me
Grandpa
Scourge me to make you hit
Grandpa is such a scourge
How did you get overwhelmed by a little broken scale lump?
The scale head is small
Can press a thousand catties
It can shock evil
No matter how bad this scourge is
I can't lift the scales of my body
He hurt the beautiful sister so badly
Grandpa must kill him, what's the hurry?
This scourge is crushed by this thousand gold scale and can't run away
Wait until tomorrow for a rooster to mention
Rising Sun
Open the coffin lid
This scourge is illuminated by the sun
Nature will fly away
Look at my sister
When I was a child, you were there for me
Now.
The queen is watching over you